bytesize pre-commit (#1565)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/events/2023/bytesize_precommit.md

---
title: 'Bytesize: nf-core/pre-commit'

> subtitle: Matthias Hörtenhuber, Scilifelab Data Center, Sweden

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: Matthias Hörtenhuber, Scilifelab Data Centre, Sweden
```
🇬🇧 😞

type: talk
start_date: '2023-02-07'
start_time: '13:00 CET'
end_date: '2023-02-07'
end_time: '13:30 CET'
location_url:
  - https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

# nf-core/bytesize

Join us for our **weekly series** of short talks: **“nf-core/bytesize”**.

Just **15 minutes** + questions, we will be focussing on topics about using and developing nf-core pipelines.
These will be recorded and made available at <https://nf-co.re>
It is our hope that these talks / videos will build an archive of training material that can complement our documentation. Got an idea for a talk? Let us know on the [`#bytesize`](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/bytesize) Slack channel!

## Bytesize: nf-core/pre-commit

> This week, Matthias Hörtenhuber ([@mashehu](https://github.com/mashehu)) is going to explain the use of pre-commits on github. Pre-commits were developed to inspect the snapshot that is about to be committed, to see if something may have been forgotten, to make sure tests run, or to examine whatever is needed to inspect in the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, Matthias Hörtenhuber ([@mashehu](https://github.com/mashehu)) is going to explain the use the newly added pre-commit tool added to nf-core/tools. Pre-commits were developed to inspect the snapshot that is about to be committed and helps to check formatting etc. before adding the code to the repository.
```
